Hi Israelis. So we are here to do your LinkedIn profile review.
I really liked the image that we have at the top.
I feel like that speaks to being a part of a community of being
a part of something. I don't know exactly what,
but I like it. And I feel like it's engaging and pulls people in.
I think your headshot is great. I wouldn't change anything there.
I think your headline is where you're going to want to spend the most
time. So especially if you're coming at it from a job seeker perspective,
you want to make sure you're addressing who you are,
who you help, how you help them and the results that you generate.
So those are like four things that you really want to make sure to
get into that section. Especially think about,
who's going to be looking at your profile, which jobs you're applying for,
make sure the right keywords are in your headline because they are going to
look you up on LinkedIn.
Then the about section, you definitely want to flesh this out more.
So you have 2,600 characters to work with here.
Don't copy what you have on a resume or a cover letter.
That's not going to work here. You're going to want to focus on a
little bit more of your story, even if it's just a few paragraphs about
how you got from there to here a little bit about your background what
you specialize in and think about it from a job seeker's point of view
and from somebody who would hire you, what are they going to going to
want to read here? Because that's going to be really important to get on
their radar and to kind of bolster your credibility.
It just looks really blank right now activity and your followers are good.
So you're above that 500 plus mark. I would think about the comments and
the activity that you are engaging in on LinkedIn.
Add comments that are a little bit more thoughtful look for pieces
of content that you can comment on that are related to your area of
expertise. Add an insightful comment because when recruiters or hiring managers
are looking at your profile, they're going to see them show up here.
And if they see something good, you are going to look very qualified and
like a qualified candidate with your experience,
if there's a LinkedIn page that you can link to here,
those are going to look better than what is showing up now,
if not, there's really not that much you can do about it.
I think it's fine. I would change.
Instead of having bullets here, I would change this to like a two to
three sentence overview of what you did in each role.
I feel like that's a little better. Like this one here, the Upwork one
is a little better.
Like how you wrote that. If you could do that for these top two,
I think that would look better. Education is good.
Oh, it's a group photo after. Okay.
That's cool. So that's what's up at, at UpTop now.
I know what it is. Let's see. Education looks excellent.
Licenses, certifications. Those are good. If there's anything else that needs to be added
related to what you're applying for job wise,
make sure that's in here as well. Skills and endorsement.
Wow. Okay, cool. So you've done the different LinkedIn skill assessments.
Those are good, especially if you don't have many endorsements yet.
So it's good that you've done those accomplishments.
Anything else that you can add under here would be great?
I'm not sure. If there's,
yeah, these are okay. Like I don't think people are going to understand what
the new laptop means, but I think that's all right.
I think the scholarships are a little better here than having a new laptop
listed here, but you did add a description here,
so I think it's okay. Languages, that's great that you speak multiple languages.
I'm sure that's very important in your space.
If there are additional skills that you can list here,
make sure you're using all 50 and especially anything that's related to jobs you're
applying for. So what key words are they looking for?
Make sure they are in the skill section because a lot of times they
will look you up on LinkedIn and they will use those key words to
make sure your profile has them. So just something to think about,
hopefully that's helpful. If you have additional questions,
just let me know.